README.md, before:

# Replying to racism

Repository of brilliant takes explaining and deconstructing insensitive and discriminative racist or ethnics arguments.

<sub>Note: Unfortunately, a good amount of racist or culturally insensitive will not care about your arguments. Some people live in a sandbox impermeable to arguments and empathy. The goal of this list is not to change their mind. It is to not leave their arguments roaming around uncontested. It is also to force critical thinking from the observers of the discussions you are taking part of.</sub>

## Contents

- [Denials](#denial)
- [White Victimization](#white-victimization)


## Denials
This part focuses on gaslighting and other myth around “a post-racial world” where racism is not a problem anymore.

- [So why must we always concentrate on color?](https://youtu.be/_fZQQ7o16yQ?t=1m21s) [ᴠɪᴅᴇᴏ] - James Baldwin replying to an academic refuting the importance of color in the social discourse 

## Denials(#white-victimization)
This part focuses on misconceptions that lead to a sentiment of reverse-priviliege

Some examples
https://twitter.com/anildash/status/1028155973930807297
"4.1 percent of airline transport pilots (ATPs) are women, 2.7 percent are black or African-American, 2.5 percent are Asian and 5 percent are Hispanic or Latino." http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/transportation/218401-the-company-isnt-going-to-hire-black-pilots-anymore




## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, Jonathan Gall has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Fixing Air Alaska example, fixing term to reverse discrimination

README.md, after:

# Replying to racism

Repository of brilliant takes explaining and deconstructing insensitive and discriminative racist or ethnics arguments.

<sub>Note: Unfortunately, a good amount of racist or culturally insensitive will not care about your arguments. Some people live in a sandbox impermeable to arguments and empathy. The goal of this list is not to change their mind. It is to not leave their arguments roaming around uncontested. It is also to force critical thinking from the observers of the discussions you are taking part of.</sub>

## Contents

- [Denial](#denial)
- [Reverse Victimization](#reverse-victimization)


## Denial
This part focuses on gaslighting and other myth around “a post-racial world” where racism is not a problem anymore.

- [So why must we always concentrate on color?](https://youtu.be/_fZQQ7o16yQ?t=1m21s) [ᴠɪᴅᴇᴏ] - James Baldwin replying to an academic refuting the importance of color in the social discourse 

## Reverse victimization
This part focuses on misconceptions that lead to a sentiment of reverse-priviliege

Some examples of consequences
- https://twitter.com/anildash/status/1028155973930807297 "You assume if I can land this efficiently, Alaska will give me a job as a pilot?” and the Air Visitors Management tower stated, “I believe they offers you a job doing something for those who pull this off.” He replied, “yeahhh right! Nah I'm a white guy”
"4.1 percent of airline transport pilots (ATPs) are women, 2.7 percent are black or African-American, 2.5 percent are Asian and 5 percent are Hispanic or Latino." http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/transportation/218401-the-company-isnt-going-to-hire-black-pilots-anymore




## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, Jonathan Gall has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
